elixir/roman-numerals/README.md, before:

# Roman Numerals

Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals: e.g.

The Romans were a clever bunch. They conquered most of Europe and ruled
it for hundreds of years. They invented concrete and straight roads and
even bikinis. One thing they never discovered though was the number
zero. This made writing and dating extensive histories of their exploits
slightly more challenging, but the system of numbers they came up with
is still in use today. For example the BBC uses Roman numerals to date
their programmes.

The Romans wrote numbers using letters - I, V, X, L, C, D, M. (notice
these letters have lots of straight lines and are hence easy to hack
into stone tablets).

```
 1  => I
10  => X
 7  => VII
```

There is no need to be able to convert numbers larger than about 3000.
(The Romans themselves didn't tend to go any higher)

Wikipedia says: Modern Roman numerals ... are written by expressing each
digit separately starting with the left most digit and skipping any
digit with a value of zero.

To see this in practice, consider the example of 1990.

In Roman numerals 1990 is MCMXC:

1000=M
900=CM
90=XC

2008 is written as MMVIII:

2000=MM
8=VIII

See also: http://www.novaroma.org/via_romana/numbers.html

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ elixir bob_test.exs
```

(Replace `bob_test.exs` with the name of the test file.)


### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

For more detailed information about the Elixir track, please
see the [help page](http://exercism.io/languages/elixir).

## Source

The Roman Numeral Kata [http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/wiki.pl?KataRomanNumerals](http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/wiki.pl?KataRomanNumerals)

## Submitting Incomplete Problems
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

elixir/roman-numerals version upgrade

elixir/roman-numerals/README.md, after:

# Roman Numerals

Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals.

The Romans were a clever bunch. They conquered most of Europe and ruled
it for hundreds of years. They invented concrete and straight roads and
even bikinis. One thing they never discovered though was the number
zero. This made writing and dating extensive histories of their exploits
slightly more challenging, but the system of numbers they came up with
is still in use today. For example the BBC uses Roman numerals to date
their programmes.

The Romans wrote numbers using letters - I, V, X, L, C, D, M. (notice
these letters have lots of straight lines and are hence easy to hack
into stone tablets).

```text
 1  => I
10  => X
 7  => VII
```

There is no need to be able to convert numbers larger than about 3000.
(The Romans themselves didn't tend to go any higher)

Wikipedia says: Modern Roman numerals ... are written by expressing each
digit separately starting with the left most digit and skipping any
digit with a value of zero.

To see this in practice, consider the example of 1990.

In Roman numerals 1990 is MCMXC:

1000=M
900=CM
90=XC

2008 is written as MMVIII:

2000=MM
8=VIII

See also: http://www.novaroma.org/via_romana/numbers.html

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ mix test
```

### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

If you're stuck on something, it may help to look at some of
the [available resources](https://exercism.io/tracks/elixir/resources)
out there where answers might be found.

## Source

The Roman Numeral Kata [http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals](http://codingdojo.org/cgi-bin/index.pl?KataRomanNumerals)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
