elixir/rna-transcription/README.md, before:

# Rna Transcription

Write a program that, given a DNA strand, returns its RNA complement (per RNA transcription).

Both DNA and RNA strands are a sequence of nucleotides.

The four nucleotides found in DNA are adenine (**A**), cytosine (**C**),
guanine (**G**) and thymine (**T**).

The four nucleotides found in RNA are adenine (**A**), cytosine (**C**),
guanine (**G**) and uracil (**U**).

Given a DNA strand, its transcribed RNA strand is formed by replacing
each nucleotide with its complement:

* `G` -> `C`
* `C` -> `G`
* `T` -> `A`
* `A` -> `U`

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ elixir bob_test.exs
```

(Replace `bob_test.exs` with the name of the test file.)


### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

For more detailed information about the Elixir track, please
see the [help page](http://exercism.io/languages/elixir).

## Source

Rosalind [http://rosalind.info/problems/rna](http://rosalind.info/problems/rna)

Commit message:

elixir/rna-transcription refresh to latest

elixir/rna-transcription/README.md, after:

# RNA Transcription

Given a DNA strand, return its RNA complement (per RNA transcription).

Both DNA and RNA strands are a sequence of nucleotides.

The four nucleotides found in DNA are adenine (**A**), cytosine (**C**),
guanine (**G**) and thymine (**T**).

The four nucleotides found in RNA are adenine (**A**), cytosine (**C**),
guanine (**G**) and uracil (**U**).

Given a DNA strand, its transcribed RNA strand is formed by replacing
each nucleotide with its complement:

* `G` -> `C`
* `C` -> `G`
* `T` -> `A`
* `A` -> `U`

## Running tests

Execute the tests with:

```bash
$ mix test
```

### Pending tests

In the test suites, all but the first test have been skipped.

Once you get a test passing, you can unskip the next one by
commenting out the relevant `@tag :pending` with a `#` symbol.

For example:

```elixir
# @tag :pending
test "shouting" do
  assert Bob.hey("WATCH OUT!") == "Whoa, chill out!"
end
```

Or, you can enable all the tests by commenting out the
`ExUnit.configure` line in the test suite.

```elixir
# ExUnit.configure exclude: :pending, trace: true
```

If you're stuck on something, it may help to look at some of
the [available resources](https://exercism.io/tracks/elixir/resources)
out there where answers might be found.

## Source

Hyperphysics [http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/Organic/transcription.html](http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/Organic/transcription.html)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.
